hey how's it going Dave 2d here so the
other day I put up a poll on Twitter
just to kind of see what it setups you
guys were using and the most common
answer was the Android phone with a
Windows laptop or desktop and I kind of
expected that but the thing that I
thought was interesting was how few
people were using Android phones with
Mac OS as their operating system on
their computer so basically an Android
phone with an apple computer and I
thought it was strange because just so
many of my friends and family use that
as their primary setup it was just a
little bit strange but I thought I would
make a video to kind of showcase the
stuff that I'm using in March of 2018 so
I guess I'll start with the phone the
phone amusing right now is the pixel to
excel this is a relatively recent switch
if you ask me three weeks ago it would
have been the iPhone 10 but two things
number one the camera on the pixel to
excel is just I think it's the best
camera in the smartphone market right
now and the other thing that's been
bugging me recently is I picked up the
Apple home pod pretty good looking
device and I also been using the Google
home max for quite a while now since it
launched and I'm not gonna do a review
these I like this a lot and I will say
that this is a cooler looking device and
it sounds pretty good I would actually
see it sounds better than the Google
home max but I really don't like how
aggressive they've been with the whole
anticompetitive stuff like the fact you
can't you Spotify with it and like
there's just so much a dislike about
this thing and the fact that Siri is as
bad that it is compared to Google
assistant it just makes me not want to
use this so it just makes it an easier
choice for me to use this as my primary
phone the Google pixel to excel okay the
computer that I use the most frequently
right now is this the Dell XPS 15 it's
not brand new or anything this thing's
actually from early 2017 but it's just
such a well-built machine and the screen
is awesome one of thin bezels I like
this thing a lot now I feel like it's
due for refresh relatively soon the 8th
gen H processors will probably hit this
chassis in the spring or summer and yeah
I'm looking forward to that but this is
my main laptop the other laptop that I
use occasionally is a 13-inch MacBook
Pro without the touch bar and I just use
that to go to access some of the stuff
at work that requires Mac OS ok next up
is a battery pack this is from Ankur no
no the model name but 26800 Power Core
Plus that's a mouthful but
the thing that I like about this thing
is the USBC so uses use BCE to charge
and it can also output through use BC so
you can fill up your laptop your phone
through that port and you can use the
charger from those devices to fill it
back up it's really convenient
now the backpack that I use for all of
this is a backpack from a company called
oh this is this is gonna show sure it's
made by a company called cote ACL and
it's a French company so I'm sure
screwed up the name but it's a pretty
big backpack that can hold a ton of
stuff and it's just a nice looking
backpack that I chose because of its
aesthetics more than anything else okay
backpack done what else do we got in the
backpack I've emptied it out just for
this video but the stuff will normally
go around with include the MX anywhere 2
s so I think this is literally the best
travel Mouse available it's small
lightweight long battery life
awesome Mouse I also travel with this
this is a backup Drive Western Digital
and the reason why I like this drive
over the Seagate drives that I used to
use is simply because of the rubber feet
on the bottom it gives you a little bit
of traction on your table wherever you
place it and I like that I also travel
always with these cables if you guys
have seen them my videos before it's
they're called chef phone or something
and there's just awesome utility they're
like 9 bucks you get every single
charging cable that you could possibly
need and it's just something I always
have in my bag the external drive that I
use the most frequently is this thing
it's the SSD to go from angel bird it's
a smaller faster better Drive than the
really common Samsung t3 or t4 is the
the real reason why I bought this was
because of the blue color I know I'm a
loser
ok headphones that I use most frequently
h7 Wireless B&O I like these a lot
they're not cheap but I think I've tried
a lot of wireless headphones and these
are my favorite again aesthetic plays a
role in these these look really clean
but they also sound excellent so other
stuff that I use is this thing it's a
flash drive it's got USB C on one end
use BA on the other hand I have this
around all the time just in case I need
a flash drive
I think that's basically it for tech I
have a whole bunch of knives in there
hope I have this this is a Gerber knife
it's by far my favorite small knife I
like small knives I like to have them
around but this is my favorite one
because you can replace the blade always
stays sharp and it's just very compact
very inexpensive the knife that I use in
my studio most often is this thing it's
the James chapter knife and you can't
get this anymore unfortunately but it's
like a limited edition I got it because
of the blue like I'm all about that blue
you guys know that that's well there's
this this isn't really tech we've kind
of like devolving into this non tech
channel at this point books I use one
for work one for YouTube it's just and a
pencil
these are poppin books different colors
I like that and then a mechanical pencil
from Pentel it's called the graph gear
1000 I feel like I've shown this before
in some video or another but I really
like this pencil and obviously like
these books you'll see these in all my
videos of different colors and stuff
sunglasses from Ray Ban obviously
they're teal cameras that I'm using I
shoot off a red scarlet W this is like
my regular camera and I'm actually
recently trying out the Canon 1dx mark -
I really like that camera way more than
I thought it would it's not meant for
video only it's primarily a stills
camera I think but I've shot some b-roll
with it I really like what I've seen
with it so far but that's basically it
this is the stuff that I'm using right
now in March of 2018 okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs we liked it
subsea we loved it see you guys next
time